jira_templates_md/siteimprove_template.md, before:

## 1. Ask site owners to create accounts on Siteimprove

📧 Send a note to the site owners:

> As part of our site building, we now set up SiteImprove for all websites. This will allow you to monitor the accessibility of your site, and it will also help with things like broken links and typos. To learn more about Siteimprove, visit https://uit.stanford.edu/accessibility/testing/siteimprove.

> To give you access to the reports, if you haven’t already, you will need to create your account by logging into SiteImprove. Please log onto https://siteimprove.stanford.edu, and then let us know you have done so. Then, we can set you up with access to reports for your site.


## 2. Decide what to do with the old site at launch

When we launch the new version of a site, if there’s an existing site, what do we want to do with the  data in Siteimprove? That is, do we want to have the historical data available? Here’s the options:

* Default: When we launch, we  delete the NEW site in Siteimprove and change the URL on the OLD site to point to the launched site. Or

* Delete the old data because its not important anymore and just go with the new.

## 3. Create Siteimprove entry

Once the production site has been provisioned, here are directions for creating a Siteimprove entry:
https://sws-devguide.stanford.edu/site-building/testing-site-launch#siteimprove-entry

See also https://asconfluence.stanford.edu/confluence/display/SWS/Accessibility+testing+process+for+client+sites

### The Siteimprove form

Here’s the direct link for the Siteimprove form
https://app.smartsheet.com/b/form/66724422d1194edbab89f4009dca9c12

### You’ll need

1. School, Department, or Office - Check org code for ideas

1. Production URL (if known)

1. Build URL

### When requesting additional users in Siteimprove, please include:

* Dena DeBry denas@stanford.edu

* Caryl Westerberg cjwest@stanford.edu

* Site owners who will be using Siteimprove

## 4. Inform site owners when their Siteimprove is ready with their site

📧 ODA will send out an email after requesting the site. If the site owner is not on that email, send out a note that it’s ready:

> Siteimprove has scanned your site and the reports are ready. Please log into https://siteimprove.stanford.edu and select this site from the dropdown menu at the top of your dashboard.  For tips on using Siteimprove go to https://uit.stanford.edu/accessibility/siteimprove. You can ask questions at the #cop-siteimprove slack channel. 

> Additionally, ODA has office hours at 11am on Thursdays at https://stanford.link/si-help/.

Commit message:

Warn about SI scanning a copy.

jira_templates_md/siteimprove_template.md, after:

## 1. Ask site owners to create accounts on Siteimprove

📧 Send a note to the site owners:

> As part of our site building, we now set up SiteImprove for all websites. This will allow you to monitor the accessibility of your site, and it will also help with things like broken links and typos. To learn more about Siteimprove, visit https://uit.stanford.edu/accessibility/testing/siteimprove.

> To give you access to the reports, if you haven’t already, you will need to create your account by logging into SiteImprove. Please log onto https://siteimprove.stanford.edu, and then let us know you have done so. Then, we can set you up with access to reports for your site.


## 2. Decide what to do with the old site at launch

When we launch the new version of a site, if there’s an existing site, what do we want to do with the  data in Siteimprove? That is, do we want to have the historical data available? Here’s the options:

* Default: When we launch, we  delete the NEW site in Siteimprove and change the URL on the OLD site to point to the launched site. Or

* Delete the old data because its not important anymore and just go with the new.

## 3. Create Siteimprove entry

Once the production site has been provisioned, here are directions for creating a Siteimprove entry:
https://sws-devguide.stanford.edu/site-building/testing-site-launch#siteimprove-entry

See also https://asconfluence.stanford.edu/confluence/display/SWS/Accessibility+testing+process+for+client+sites

### The Siteimprove form

Here’s the direct link for the Siteimprove form
https://app.smartsheet.com/b/form/66724422d1194edbab89f4009dca9c12

### You’ll need

1. School, Department, or Office - Check org code for ideas

1. Production URL (if known)

1. Build URL

### When requesting additional users in Siteimprove, please include:

* Dena DeBry denas@stanford.edu

* Caryl Westerberg cjwest@stanford.edu

* Site owners who will be using Siteimprove

## 4. Inform site owners when their Siteimprove is ready with their site

📧 ODA will send out an email after requesting the site. If the site owner is not on that email, send out a note that it’s ready:

> Siteimprove has scanned your site and the reports are ready. Please log into https://siteimprove.stanford.edu and select this site from the dropdown menu at the top of your dashboard.  For tips on using Siteimprove go to https://uit.stanford.edu/accessibility/siteimprove. You can ask questions at the #cop-siteimprove slack channel. 

> ⚠️ Important: SiteImprove is scanning a copy of your site. Please make changes on the production site.

> Additionally, ODA has office hours at 11am on Thursdays at https://stanford.link/si-help/.
